hermit crabs protect themselves by
hiding their soft bodies in the
abandoned shells of other creatures they
live up to 30 years so as they grow they
need to upsize their homes but there's
something of a housing crisis on this
island
these are Dilek hideaways are a magnet
for tourists who find it hard to resist
taking the occasional souvenir
every time a shell is removed a crab
loses a potential new home
so these canny crabs have found another
source of housing
each evening the range is clear the
beaches piling up the litter and now the
crabs do something extraordinary this
hermit has found herself a more modern
home in a macro tin with so few shells
around it's an ingenious solution and
she's not alone this is a fast-growing
trend
[Music]
an aluminium fizzy drink can makes a
lightweight home that's worth fighting
for life in the macro tin isn't ideal
and the local Rangers know it so they
leave seashells near the rubbish piles
to help the homeless crustaceans the
crab normally want its body into the
spiral of the shell it's far harder to
grip a straight and slippery care
[Music]
there are plenty of options it's all
about finding a snug fit well she can be
picky if she wants moving house is an
important decision
[Music]
at last the perfect home